		ALW: About MongoDB

		ALW: Why use MongoDB?
The document data model is a powerful way to store and retrieve data that allows developers to move fast.
MongoDB’s horizontal, scale-out architecture can support huge volumes of both data and traffic.
MongoDB has a great user experience for developers who can install MongoDB and start writing code immediately.
    MongoDB can be used everywhere by anyone:
        For free through the open source community edition
        In the largest data centers through the enterprise edition
        In any of the major public clouds through MongoDB Atlas

    MongoDB has developed a large and mature platform ecosystem, which means:
        MongoDB has a worldwide community of developers and consultants, so it is easy to get help.
        MongoDB works on all types of computing platforms, both on-premise and in the cloud (both private, and public clouds such as AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud)
        MongoDB can be used from all major languages.
        MongoDB can be accessed from all major ETL and data management systems.
        MongoDB has enterprise-grade support.

Why use MongoDB? Simply to go further and faster when developing software applications that have to handle data of all sorts in a scalable way.

Thousands of companies like Bosch, Barclays, and Morgan Stanley run their businesses on MongoDB, and use it to handle their most demanding apps in areas like IoT, Gaming, Logistics, Banking, e-Commerce, and Content Management.

MongoDB is a great choice if you need to:

    Represent data with natural clusters and variability over time or in its structure
    Support rapid iterative development.
    Enable collaboration of a large number of teams
    Scale to high levels of read and write traffic.
    Scale your data repository to a massive size.
    Evolve the type of deployment as the business changes.
    Store, manage, and search data with text, geospatial, or time series dimensions.

MongoDB as a company has grown because the number of use cases with these characteristics keep growing.

****(above: https://www.mongodb.com/why-use-mongodb)

		ALW: Which companies use MongoDB?
Forbes, Toyota Europe, Sanoma, Barclays, RBS, KPMG, Verizon, HMRC, Adobe (mongodb website)
Many tech startups


		ALW: Which companies stopped using MongoDB?



		ALW: Why not use MongoDB?

It
    ... loses data (sources: 1, 2)
    ... in fact, for a long time, ignored errors by default and assumed every single write succeeded no matter what (which on 32-bits systems led to losing all data silently after some 3GB, due to MongoDB limitations)
    ... is slow, even at its advertised usecases, and claims to the contrary are completely lacking evidence (sources: 3, 4)
    ... forces the poor habit of implicit schemas in nearly all usecases (sources: 4)
    ... has locking issues (sources: 4)
    ... has an atrociously poor response time to security issues - it took them two years to patch an insecure default configuration that would expose all of your data to anybody who asked, without authentication (sources: 5)
    ... is not ACID-compliant (sources: 6)
    ... is a nightmare to scale and maintain
    ... isn't even exclusive in its offering of JSON-based storage; PostgreSQL does it too, and other (better) document stores like CouchDB have been around for a long time (sources: 7, 8)

For most cases, what you want is actually a relational database <-- IMPORTANT TO CONSIDER!

(above: http://cryto.net/~joepie91/blog/2015/07/19/why-you-should-never-ever-ever-use-mongodb/)